Parcel -> Parcel is a web application bundler that can be used to build React applications.
          Parcel works great for building single or multi-page React applications. 
          It includes a first-class development experience with Fast Refresh, and supports JSX, TypeScript, Flow, and 
          many styling methodologies out of the box.

bundler -> A bundler in react.js is a tool which allows to package code into a single file or bundle. 
           Due to this size of code will reduce and so performance of application will improve. 
           Common bundlers used with React are Webpack and Parcel.

.parcel-cache -> parcel-cache in parcel stores information about your project when parcel builds it, 
                 so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch. 
                 It's a key reason why parcel can be so fast in development mode.

parcel provides the following Functionalities : 
1. Bundling :
2. Minify : Minification reduces the file size of your output bundles by removing whitespace, renaming variables to shorter names, 
            and many other optimizations.
            By default, minification is enabled when using the parcel build command.
3. Dev server : Parcel’s builtin dev server is automatically started when you run the default.
                It starts a server at http://localhost:1234. 
4. Hot reloading : As you make changes to your code, Parcel automatically rebuilds the changed files and updates your app in the browser. 
5. Caching : Parcel caches everything it builds to disk. 
             If you restart the dev server, Parcel will only rebuild files that have changed since the last time it ran.
             By default, the cache is stored in the .parcel-cache folder inside your project.
6. HTTPS : Sometimes, you may need to use HTTPS during development.
           Parcel’s dev server supports HTTPS out of the box.
           parcel src/index.html --https
7. Compatable with old verion of browsers : To make our app user friendly with older browser verions we use browserlist.
                                            parcel automatically give it to us, we don't need to install this externally.
                                            We can use browserlist by puting this in package.json.it will take a list 
                                            If we add "last 2 verions" my app will work in last 2 verions of all the browsers.
                                            use this website for more -> https://browserslist.dev/