why we should use css framework -> 1. To write optimised css.
                                   2. It saves time.

ways to write css : 
1. Index file -> We can write all our classes in index.css file and attached it to out HTML page.

2. Inline css -> We can write Inline css using style prop,
                 This style prop takes an object and this object contains css properties as key-value pair.
                 Note -> Always write all css properties in object in camelcase.
                 like -> background-color => backgroundColor
                 This is not a good way of writing css.
                 because of less readablilty, and it is difficulte for browser render it.

3. Library -> is to use Library like materialUI, baseUI, Ant, chakra.
              materialUI is a fully loaded component library.
              It has a lot of pre-build components which already styled.
              we can use this library because it give us consistency, reponsivness.
              cons -> increases bundle size, we loose controll on how our app will look.
              
4. Styled components -> read about it

5. Framework -> We can also use css framework like tailwind or bootstrap.
                in this we are learing tailwind css.
                tailwind is a open source css framework.
                
                Pros -> 1. Can write css on the go.(in the same file)
                        2. reusablity.
                        3. less bundle size.(No duplicate css)
                        4. customizable.
                        5. easy to debug.
                cons -> 1. Initial learing curve.
                        2. Code look a little messy.
                
                When we start using tailwind, it change default behavior or a lot of tags.
                because now we have to write all css in tailwind's way.

                Every thing in tailwind works with classname.

                There are two ways to add tailwind into your project.
                1. CDN link -> copy CDN link form tailwind website and paste it into HTML head tag, and start using tailwind css.
                2. NPM package -> install NPM package of tailwind

Installation -> follow tailwind documentation.